Use test certificates that do not correspond to actual users.
The subject can contain many different types of identifying data.
For example, the above subject would be typed as follows:
The program creates a certificate store that contains digital certificates.
After you have finished recording, open the test for editing.
To remove temporary files from the Microsoft Internet Explorer cache:
Kerberos is not supported on other protocols, environments, or browsers.
User logon names of the form ABC\kerberostester are not supported.
Uninstalling a previous version does not delete your test assets.
A new release might include enhancements to the default reports.
This option deletes the page cache when a test starts.
Select to enable the collection of response time breakdown data.
Not all test elements support response time breakdown data collection.
Lists details about the certificate stores that the test uses.
Searches the child test elements in addition to the element.
Clear to skip existing substitution sites when results are returned.
Click this field to display a list of mathematical operators.
Click this field to set a value for the requirement.
In general, supplemental requirements are those that are tracked internally.
Select to see only the requirements that you have defined.
Click to display in red test elements that have errors.
Click to retain the search text from session to session.
Click to automatically transform data when a test is generated.
This is a common practice with DOJO- and AJAX-based applications.
If this time is exceeded, a new page is generated.
Specifies how web addresses (URLs) are rewritten during test execution.
Select to give every other table row a gray background.
The alternating background helps make the tables easy to read.
Warn of lost changes when a dynamic tab is modified
Specifies which page is displayed when an HTTP test runs.
Click an event to drill down for more detailed information.
Displays a hyperlink to the primary request for the page.
Specifies the name of this set of enabled performance requirements.
Indicates the HTTP request method that was used during recording.
Specifies the name of this set of defined performance requirements.
By default, the name is the URL of the request.
The Page Health report shows the health of each page.
Indicates the data transformation that is applied to the request.
Previous versions of tests support only waiting for primary requests.
Indicates the data transform that is applied to the response.
Indicates the character set to be used for the response.
Looping: schedule vs. test: used by taddloop.dita (test), taddloops.dita (schedule)
A portion of the test editor can occasionally be obscured.
Click Ctrl+Alt+&gt; or Ctrl+Alt+&lt; to enlarge or reduce the window.
Page Percentile report short description: used by contexts_HTTP_reports.dita and upercentreptprop.dita
Reports are available during all phases of the test process.
To resize the schedule window, do one of the following:
This does not give you much control over the run.
Collect Response Time Breakdown data for WebSphere Application Server 8.5.
Your computer must have a sufficient number of TCP/IP ports.
After the installation, the agent automatically connects to the workbench.
An exception that could not be handled occurs during processing.
Rule file should not be edited on this product installation.
Creates a variable that can be used by substitution sites.
Add child conditions to specify the substitution site to find.
Add child conditions to specify the data sources to delete.
Add child conditions to specify the substitution sites to delete.
Add child conditions to specify the variable assignments to delete.
The attempts per second during the most recent sample interval
The number of attempts during the most recent sample interval
The maximum number of dynamically provisioned agents has been reached.
Increase the preference value and set it to wait longer.
A progress indicator that shows the state of the run.
The minimum, maximum, and average response time for all transactions.
Each bar represents a page that you visited during recording.
The minimum response time for each page in the run.
The average response time for each page in the run.
The maximum response time for each page in the run.
The number of attempts per second to access each page.
The table after the graph provides the following additional information:
The table under the bar chart lists the same information.
This behavior differs from the behavior recorded during test creation.
If this is expected and understood increase RPT_VMARGS rptMaxRedirection parameter.
Check the Error Log for further information on the error.
4. An error was encountered while deploying to this directory.
Duration time specified is less than what has already elapsed
The specified agent is not in contact with the workbench.
If the problem persists, inspect error and take corrective action.
A statistical adapter is missing reference to the target result.
User authentication is required to access reports in the cloud.
Error while processing a message from the IBM Agent Controller.
Check the test log for any failures from virtual users.
To learn more about license keys, see the installation guide.
5. Select the appropriate value from the Operating system list.
Please refer to the Problem Determination Log for more details.
At present no commands have been sent to this driver.
Failed to create a temporary file to save test data.
Please check to make sure you have installed this transformer.
Test log is unavailable, no test results returned to RQM.
Adapter was stopped while preparing to run an RQM script.
There are no results for the attempted test script run.
Unexpected error occurred while processing an import request from RQM.
Unable to attach the following file to the RQM results.
Ensure user has permission to create directory in that location.
Error occurred while translating RQM server execution variables to RPT.
The project referenced does not exist on the shared location.
Details:  A failed reference occurred in a prior request.
Right-click the substitution site and select Go To &gt; Reference.
When troubleshooting failed references, start with the first error message.
Check the web server's SSL error log for more details.
Change the loop handler to point to an existing loop.
The time after which the synchronization point is automatically released.
The rate, per second, at which the transaction was completed.
You might encounter some of these problems while performance testing:
Confirm the server port number on the test workbench computer.
Disable firewalls on the workbench computer and the agent computers.
Pay close attention to the memory and disk space requirements.
All modes of the adapter use the Eclipse error log.
Ensure that the adapter has the required protocol extensions installed.
The number of verification points that passed in the run
The number of verification points that failed in the run
This report summarizes the functionality of loops in a test.
Preference settings control access of reports from external web browser.
You can set the following preferences for the web reports:
To associate a digital certificate with a test for playback:
Selecting this check box causes the delay to vary slightly.
To put a group of schedule elements into a transaction:
In the schedule, select the test elements to group together.
You can even write scripts to process the exported results.
An absolute offset starts with the first byte of data.
A relative offset is measured from the current cursor position.
This adds another run to compare with the base run.
The Compare report compares the time ranges of each stage.
Display this report automatically at the completion of a run.
netsh -c Interface ip add address name="Gig Ethernet" addr=10.10.0.21 mask=255.255.0.0
To set a launch configuration for a schedule or test:
Create a PKCS#12-encoded file containing the certificate and private key.
You need the CA private key file to sign certificates.
You can define performance requirements for elements in a test.
A new schedule that contains one user group is displayed.
This selection automatically generates a report that compares each stage.
Used for your notes and comments regarding the schedule element
The default setting is to use the recorded think time.
Advanced (at the bottom of the Schedule Element Details area)
The first color is assigned to the first graphic element.
Click the user group whose virtual users will use aliasing.
You want to use some, but not all, network interfaces.
This service must be running to collect resource monitoring data.
The encryption strength depends on the length of the passphrase.
Open the Performance Test Runs view, and expand the tree.
Display items based on a comparison with the specified value.
Events with other verdicts are not shown in the report.
One functional report is generated for each selected report design.
To do this, set the RPT_VMARGS property, which overrides RPT_DEFAULT_MEMORY_SIZE.
You can stop a test run before it is complete.
On the User Load tab, modify the stages as necessary:
The following figure illustrates a schedule with two 16-minute stages.
For each graphic type, only the applicable controls are displayed.
Select to edit the default Y axis label (charts only).
Select to specify the graphic height in pixels (charts only).
Select to specify the graphic width in pixels (charts only).
Assume that you want to make bar graphs three dimensional:
The test creation wizard starts when you record a test.
You will also see this name in the Test Navigator.
You can generate a new test from a recorded session.
The test is regenerated and opened in the test editor.
A list of the synchronization points in the run opens.
You can also view reports remotely from a web browser.
Update the Server URL field with the new server name.
Configure the adapter again to point to the new URL.
By default, the adapter uses the name of the computer.
All other assets, such as test results, are not required.
Copy the test projects to share into the shared directory.
Do not use the workbench while the adapter is running.
The following guidelines improve the success of long duration tests:
This integer shows the relative proportion that each test runs.
A test runs on the local computer, with one user.
Generally, you should run user groups at a remote locations.
Informational messages, which include system state, require no corrective action.
Collects events that correspond to actions executed in the schedule:
Primary test actions include schedule actions, plus the following actions:
For Citrix tests, connection elements, window events, and image synchronizations
Secondary test actions include primary test actions, plus this information:
For example, you could add map the IP address 123.4.5.6.
You can insert split points when you record a test.
Configuring Internet Explorer for recording from a secure web site
Releases the users one by one from a synchronization point.
All users are distributed randomly between 1 and 4 seconds.
A timeout of 0 means that there is no timeout.
Right-click the graph or table that you want to change.
The newly specified time range is stored with the report.
Import the MyNewDataTransformFeature and MyTransformProject projects into the new workspace.
Start another copy of the workbench to debug your transformations.
In the Export Reports window, select the options as follows:
You can change the test preferences to export results automatically.
An agent can be in one of the following statuses:
To add users, type the number of users to add.
Specify the location of agents that are in the cloud:
The CSV file contains the last value for each counter.
The selected counter is listed in the Counter Details table.
This mechanism reduces the launch time for subsequent test executions.
Expect an average provision time between fifteen and thirty minutes.
You can also use a promotional code for trial usage.
You can add or change a color in the palette.
Record an application that is based on GWT version 2.4.
Re-use of existing connections can take advantage of keep-alive connections.
Do not put the class path file under source control.
These two tests use different access methods for the datapool.
From the color palette that opens, choose a different color.
The agent controller is not running on the local computer.
When you open a schedule, you can set its properties.
A value of 100 causes no change in think times.
To restore the original think times, clear this check box.
For SAP tests, this option reports information on SAP screens.
Use this page to initialize variables at the schedule level.
An existing connection was forcibly closed by the remote host.
To determine why virtual users stopped before the stage completed:
Simplify the workload by running one user in one stage.
The most common standard for digital certificates is the X.509 standard.
The administrator digitally signs each certificate using the system CA certificate.
The subject describes the certificate owner, but is not necessarily unique.
Record a test that requires that you use a digital certificate.
Create a certificate store by running the supplied KeyTool command-line program.
Browse the website as you typically would to record a test.
Roaming mode with TruePass applet version 7.0 and later are supported.
An LDAP directory tree typically reflects political, geographic, or organizational boundaries.
However, this does not mean that the response times are similar.
However, this does not mean that the elapsed times are similar.
Contact your system administrator for more information about the server realm.
Lists the locations from which response time breakdown will be collected.
Select one or more requirements and click to remove the definition.
If you decide to substitute, the conflicting substitutions are automatically removed.
Select to enable the use of performance requirements for this schedule.
Click to set protocol-specific options for all tests in the schedule.
Enables you to inspect the settings before you actually set them.
An example of such an application is Rational DOORS Next Generation.
Generate a new page if delay between requests is greater than
Verification points can also be enabled or disabled within specific tests.
Clear the check box if you plan to correlate Referers manually.
You can also select a brown, gray, or red-green-blue color scheme.
Select to enable the use of performance requirements for this test.
Click this field to set a numeric time value in milliseconds.
Select to prevent undefined performance requirements from appearing in the table.
Use this option to view the substitutions in Page Elements report.
Select to prevent the table from including undefined performance requirement candidates.
Select one or more requirements, and click to remove the definition.
Indicates the character set to be used for the page request.
Use this method to run a test at a set rate.
Loops in tests reuse the server connection during each loop iteration.
However, different users are likely to use the same datapool row.
Each row has an equal chance of being selected each time.
To resize the Test Editor window, do one of the following:
The new size remains the next time you open the window.
Double click the blue line to return to a 50/50 ratio.
The defaults, 85, 90, and 95, are sufficient for most purposes.
List the various environments to be tested and generate test configurations
However, schedules are much more than simple vehicles for running tests.
Hover at the left side of the Schedule Element Details area.
User groups enable you to group tests in a logical order.
With user groups, you can control test execution in several ways:
Export of event log to a CSV, XML, or text file.
Start only one adapter per product installation on a given computer.
The test log sets a verdict for each run as follows:
Creates a datapool column that can be used by substitution sites.
Creates a reference in data that matches a specified regular expression.
Add child conditions to specify the custom code elements to delete.
Open the child preference page under Test &gt; Performance Resource Monitoring.
Preferences on cloud workbench will be set to this new location
The average number of page elements attempted for the entire run
The percent of successes (matches the information in the bar chart)
The provisioning service is reporting the user credentials are not valid.
The response from the web server was in an unexpected format.
Aborting         cloud execution.
The standard deviation of the average response time for all pages.
The table under the bar chart provides the following additional information:
The chart scales automatically to accommodate the highest resource counter value.
The size of the page contributes to the response time calculation.
The Error Conditions section displays the number of error conditions met.
The Error Behavior section displays how each error condition was handled.
Examine the server and agent computers to find and fix bottlenecks.
The response body MAY be incomplete due to a missing "chunk".
If missing chunk was last (zero length) chunk, data is complete.
We were redirected to the same URI which issued this request.
The Test Execution Framework was not able to deliver an Executor.
For more information, see the Troubleshooting section of the online help.
Disable firewalls on both the local computer and the agent computer.
An Executor was not returned and neither was an error message.
3. The IBM Agent Controller must have authority to this directory.
This link can also break if the datapool file is deleted.
Schedule must be in the Running state to change stage duration
Ensure that the agent name is spelled correctly in the location.
Look for more details about the error in the message posted.
The file path specified for the Zip Utility  is invalid.
Please update the operating system to match and then try again.
The Agent Controller needs to be started by the root user.
A monitoring process indicates that the test log loader stopped prematurely.
The combination of transformer and feature you have selected is invalid.
The combination of feature and transformer you have selected is invalid.
Verify that the elements containing the Silverlight decoded data are correct
The GraniteDS encoder did not work because of the indicated reason.
This may cause the attached HTML report not to render correctly.
RQM remote resource access is not supported for pre-8.0 SOA assets.
You can only execute scripts which are in the adapters workspace.
Skipped request: It could be that provided password was not ok
Error while generating test from Generic Service Client: Can't show wizard
For more information search the help for the data correlation topics.
The request contains a value that might need to be correlated.
Attempt to add object to Schedule which is not a UserGroup
The loop name specified in the loop handler does not exist.
The second table lists all standard performance requirements that you defined.
The Overall Summary page contains two tables and two pie charts.
The Details page provides a detailed analysis of standard performance requirements.
All users have arrived, been release manually, or have timed out.
The average elapsed time for all transactions in the entire run.
The graphic bar is displayed only if there are no errors.
The report also shows the 10 slowest transactions in a run.
Perform the following steps to confirm your installation is properly configured:
Verify the network connectivity between the workbench computer and agent computers.
Restart the agent computers and verify the Majordomo process is running.
Set the value equal to true; the default value is false.
The adapter is displayed as red in the selection dialog box.
To have your tests verify these items, complete the following steps:
This tab displays the health of each iteration of a loop.
Click this option to allow access to reports without login credentials.
Click this option to provide an authentication layer for accessing reports.
You can set a loop within a schedule or a test.
In the Test Navigator, browse to the schedule and double-click it.
In the Test Navigator, browse to the schedule, and double-click it.
Type the percentage of the workload that the user group represents.
If you do not use this form, the connection attempt fails.
Click to set the selected user groups to the same size.
You can also insert split points into a test during record.
In the Test Navigator, browse to the test, and double-click it.
To change the log level, select any of the following options:
The following example creates an alias on the en1 network interface.
You want the launch configuration to appear in your toolbar menu.
You want the launch configuration to be available to other users.
You can export projects, schedules, tests, and test results with dependencies.
This file contains only the public key, not the private key.
If a value contains spaces, enclose the value in quotation marks.
The name of the certificate file to add, remove, or generate.
If no subject is specified, a default subject will be provided.
This measures the average response time for all of the pages.
To define a performance requirement for the elements in a test:
In the Test Navigator, browse to the test and double-click it.
To navigate to the original requirement definition, double-click the requirement row.
Kerberos user names and passwords can be associated with a datapool.
Enable resource monitoring to capture system resource data during performance testing
Other test schedules or applications might still use the data source.
This data might include potentially sensitive information, such as stored passwords.
You must adjust the security settings to collect resource monitoring data.
The default security settings do not allow response time breakdown collection.
The recording session file is unrecoverable if the passphrase is lost.
To correct this situation, increase the memory allocation for that computer.
In some cases the best solution is to add another agent.
The schedule execution stops after the current loop iteration is complete.
Note that a long time limit might delay the next stage.
Select to edit the default X axis label (line charts only).
To create a baseline report, do not add the counters now.
You must use a PKCS#12 digital certificate when recording performance tests.
You can release virtual users from synchronization points during a run.
You must have inserted synchronization points to a test or schedule.
To change the default report, Open the Default Report Preferences page.
If the Rational Quality Manager server is renamed, complete these steps:
Assume that a random selector contains two tests: Browse and Bid.
When an agent is lost, by default, the schedule is stopped.
In the Schedule Contents area, click the name of the schedule.
Select this option to limit the processing required by the workbench.
For HTTP tests, HTTP page-related actions (attempts, hits, and verification points).
For HTTP, SAP, and Citrix tests, provides statistics for all actions.
One group contains four users, and one group contains 1000 users.
The problem determination logs contain internal information about the playback engine.
To set the level of problem-determination logging and the sampling rate:
You can collect errors only, errors and warnings, or all events.
The time that the first byte and last byte were sent.
The time that the first byte and last byte were received.
For Citrix tests, synchronization points, delays, text elements, and logoff elements.
For Citrix tests, think time information, mouse actions, and keyboard actions.
At the end of the hosts file, add your IP mappings.
to two logical hosts, as show in the bottom two lines:
The tests are generated using the test names that you specified.
For example, you can enter custom start and stop times to:
Adjust a stage's time range to account for incorrect settle time.
Under Staged Run Report Focus Behavior, select one of these options:
Implement the transformData and unTransformData methods to create your data transformations.
The exported report can be, displayed and printed, from any browser.
The file is displayed after the command line run has completed.
The CSV file will contain the last value for each counter.
Use this option to share customized report formats with other users.
Agent has not contacted the workbench for the past 10 seconds.
In the report, a stage is displayed as a time range.
If the connection is established, specify the following properties for workbench:
The choice of a host type can also determine response time.
A bare metal computer means a fully dedicated piece of hardware.
This option applies a fixed time delay on the schedule run.
Specify the number of users to run on a control agent.
By default, the cloud locations are saved in the current project.
By default, the non-secure port number for web reports is 8080.
By default, the secure port number for web reports is 8443.
You must use the same login credentials to access reports remotely.
Use the website to generate the order number or promotional code.
This value indicates the number of entries allowed for a user.
The colors in the palette are applied automatically to each counter.
Typically, the partially run report is useful for debugging specific issues.
Select a test element or request that contains the encoded data.
If the performance schedule contains loops, move the loops into tests.
Accept all of the default values except for network access mode.
To start the agent controller, do one of the following steps:
Staggering users avoids overloading the system, which can cause connection timeouts.
Time limit for a user to respond to a stop request
Use this option to run a schedule quickly for testing purposes.
Reports the number of active and completed users in the run.
Export the variables defined at the schedule level to a file.
The number that you select is sampled from each user group.
Specify the number of users to sample from each user group.
The workbench has lost communication with one or more agent computers.
Examine the problem determination log for error messages or exception messages.
The local computer cannot communicate with one or more agent computers.
When you open a user group, you can set these properties.
Indicates that the user group should be run on your computer.
Use this page to initialize variables at the user group level.
Check the variable to determine where the initialization should have happened.
Increase the test log level and decrease the number of users.
The private key is always kept private (meaning, it is never transmitted).
There are four types of certificates that can be used in testing:
Typically, however, a signed certificate is used to represent a particular user.
Repeat this process to substitute passphrases from the datapool column containing passphrases.
Entrust provides digital identity and encryption technologies to governments and private industry.
You can now run tests against servers that require Entrust TruePass authentication.
Typical protections that GSS-API wrapping provides include confidentiality (secrecy) and integrity (authenticity).
Tests and schedules are migrated automatically when you modify and save them.
System B might have response times of 1, 20, 25, and 2.
System B might have elapsed times of 1, 20, 25, and 2.
If you speed playback up dramatically, requests might occur out of order.
Click to add a reference to a datapool for test to use.
The table displays the performance requirements that are defined in the test.
When you clear this preference, it is easier to read a test.
Content verification points verify whether specified strings are present in response data.
Do not generate a new page if think time is less than
If your tests contain fewer pages than expected, try a shorter interval.
If your tests contain more pages than expected, try a longer interval.
Enter the limit of response data, in KB, that the generator saves.
Click to specify the types of verification points to be automatically included.
Click the color button to set the color of the report titles.
Add active time range to a comparison report for all time ranges
Select this option to display a warning when you modify a report.
Indicates whether the page title verification point is enabled for this page.
Specifies additional content data that might be needed to clarify the request.
Select to prevent undefined performance requirement candidates from appearing in the table.
If you disable wrapping, no row can be used more than once.
The following table shows the row that is accessed in each iteration:
Simple CSV format contains only the last data value in the run.
Comments can be useful if you share rule-set files with other testers.
Check feature coverage against test plans, test inputs, configurations, and so on.
Export of web-based executive summary and counters are now saved in HTML.
The first approach automatically generates an audit test in the cloud schedule.
Cloud-based control agents cannot detect data center or physical host bandwidth bottlenecks.
Typically, you use this file when asked to by IBM Software Support.
Schedules are typically run on a remote server that has high-end configuration.
Also, it is recommended to use the same release version for both.
You can customize how data is correlated by using data correlation rules.
Creates a substitution site in data that matches a specified regular expression.
Changes the name of a data source that matches a regular expression.
Changes the name of a substitution site that matches a regular expression.
Removes the links between substitution sites and references and other data sources.
This report summarizes the most important page element data for the run.
The graphs in this report show time intervals, attempts, hits, and successes.
The average response time for all page elements in the entire run
The average response time for that page element during the entire run
Server-confirmed cache hits occur when the server returns a 304 response code.
A low level unexpected error was returned from the cloud manager system.
The table beneath the graph provides more detailed information for each page:
The bar chart shows the 10 pages with the lowest success rate.
Verify that the NTLM authentication context values for this request are correct.
Otherwise, try to resolve the host name using the command nslookup &lt;hostname&gt;.
This can occur if an incorrect user name or password is supplied.
An error occurred during encoding of an annotated execution history event property.
You can use the asterisk (*) character to specify a wild card.
One or more test(s) are referencing a different version of the datapool.
Whenever a datapool is used, a reference is created in the test.
Please ensure that either all locations include this option or none do.
The options selected might be no longer valid with the cloud manager.
Cloud execution is         stopping.
There was an error while updating the workspace after downloading remote files.
Check network connectivity between that machine and the workbench including any firewalls.
The Microsoft Silverlight decoder did not work because of the indicated reason.
Verify that the test elements containing the Silverlight encoded data are correct
The Microsoft Silverlight encoder did not work because of the indicated reason.
Adapter unable to start test because RPT is already executing a test.
Please enter proper credentials in the Eclipse Quality Adapter preference page (Windows-&gt;Preferences).
If file was hand edited make sure parameters are the correct format.
Error occurred while update the run status back to the RQM server.
This may cause the RQM test progress page to contain inaccurate data.
Please set the name in the Eclipse Quality Adapter preference page (Windows-&gt;Preferences).
Likely the run was already shutting down when the request came in.
Please update your entire SOA project to 8.0 or greater before sharing.
The script path specified by RQM does not seem to be valid.
This suggest RQM does not support RTW script type introduced in 4.0.3.
Change the file so it follows the specified format supplied by support.
The Supplemental Details page shows a detailed analysis of supplemental performance requirements.
The number of virtual users that have arrived at the synchronization point.
The time between the first user's arrival and the first user's release.
The average net server time for all transactions in the entire run.
The table under the graph lists the following information for each transaction:
The table beneath the graph provides more detailed information for each transaction:
Ensure that the test-script points to a shared location that still exists.
This report shows the status of the verification points in your tests.
Select this check box to control schedule execution from a web browser.
A page in the Details area of a test or a schedule
You can add a transaction to a test or to a schedule.
This is useful in the Transactions report, which lists transactions by name.
Typically, you assign user groups a percentage, rather than an absolute number.
On the third page of this wizard, you can specify file locations.
Click to configure all user groups to run on the workbench computer.
Select the appropriate format, such as bytes or ASCII, from the list.
Select from the list the encoding to use for displaying binary data.
You can change the log level to determine problems during a run.
In the Test Navigator, open the location that represents the agent computer.
Enter the IP address and the subnet mask of the new alias.
You can export and import test assets to collaborate with other testers.
The target project must have the same name as the source project.
The following instructions describe an older method of copying a test project.
Otherwise, you might not be able to locate your imported test assets.
Be sure to export all the datapools that the exported tests require.
In this case, missing libraries must be removed from the build path.
The project was imported into a workspace on a different disk drive.
You can change the name of a performance requirement to improve readability.
In general, supplemental requirements are used for requirements that are tracked internally.
These requirements specify acceptable thresholds of performance and validate service level agreements.
Click the performance requirement to define, and add a definition, as follows:
You can define performance requirements in a test or in a schedule.
You can collect response time breakdown data from HTTP or SOA tests.
In the Test Navigator, expand the project until you locate the run.
When you edit a test, the modified items appear in italic type.
The italic type changes to regular type after you save the test.
Before you can enable virtual users to use IP aliases, you must:
If this is a new schedule, the Data Source table is empty.
These errors can occur if the data sources are unreachable or invalid.
If you export a schedule, it contains the data source configuration information.
In the Test Navigator, double-click the results that you want to filter.
To add a loop that controls the iteration rate for running tests:
Select to see a "window" of data displayed on the X axis.
Select to swap the columns and rows in the table (tables only).
Select to change the multiplier value for the Y axis (charts only).
You can filter a report by count, by value, or by label.
By default, the workbench is configured with restricted or limited strength ciphers.
You must configure your browser before you attempt to record Kerberos applications.
To regenerate a complete test from a recording that contains split points:
Create a schedule to model workloads by adding user groups and stages.
To start the adapter from the command line, run the adapter command:
Stop the adapter before you open the workbench in the configured workspace.
In the Test Navigator, expand the project until you locate the schedule.
For Citrix tests, a new process is created for each virtual tester.
So, running a schedule without the lost agent might give unpredictable results.
Before you run a user group at a remote location, verify that:
A reasonable number of virtual users will run at the remote location.
Warning  messages, which might indicate potential problems, require no corrective action.
For example, eastern standard time (EST) is 5 hours behind UTC time.
The start and stop time of each selector, if selectors are set.
Transaction start and stop events, if transactions are present in the test.
Any failures or errors are rolled up to the test verdict level.
Expected and actual values of page-level verification points that you have defined.
Repeat this step between recorded user actions as needed to split tests.
You can insert a synchronization point into a schedule or a test.
A user reaching a synchronization point after a timeout is not held.
In that case, you are prompted for the authentication type and credentials.
Filter out data from the ramp-up or ramp-down phases of test runs.
Transforming automatically binary data in performance tests into a more readable format
Includes the result name, node name, and time range for that data.
You must run a schedule to change the number of virtual users.
After the run, you can compare reports to verify response time accuracy.
You can export information from an entire report as an executive summary.
To open a report, in the Test Navigator view, double-click a run.
In the Test Navigator view, double-click a run with counters to export.
The exported report can be displayed and printed from any web browser.
You use the label filter for all the counters in a graph.
You can include or exclude counters whose label contains a filter value.
You can add multiple counters for a graph based on your requirements.
The deployment directory stores the files that are required for test execution.
After you change a report, the changes are saved to the workspace.
Charging for a run depends on the number of virtual tester hours.
If the validation is successful, the cost of the run is displayed.
This process might take some time, depending on the number of agents.
Click the user group for which you want set the cache limit.
You can use a condition to highlight a specific performance problem area.
A valid start time is any value between 0.0 and end time.
You must have access to the classes that contain the exchanged objects.
This can cause the agent computer to exhaust all available TCP/IP ports.
If a test contains loops, virtual users attempt to re-use existing connections.
See the installation guide for more information on managing protocol license keys.
Put the different project assets in separate folders under the main project.
This enables the project to be seen and imported by another user.
During a session, keep schedules and tests checked out for easy editing.
When you exit Eclipse, you are prompted to check them back in.
The Search and Replace preferences control the behavior of search and replace.
The listener port for HTTP recording is in use by another application.
The agent controller coordinates schedule playback between the workbench and agent computers.
Select this check box to use the variable values from a file.
This data shows you the response time breakdown for each page element.
Export the variables defined at the user group level to a file.
These certificates, along with the public and private keys, are distributed to users.
When the browser is challenged by the server, it will produce its certificate.
To use a certificate store with a datapool, open the test for editing.
This makes it convenient for use in kiosks and other public user environments.
Recording tests with Entrust TruePass applications works just as regular HTTP recording does.
You must use a host name or IP address to record the traffic.
If an address cannot be resolved, your test shows a slower connection time.
The authentication server in a Kerberos environment is called the Key Distribution Center.
Before you install a new version, uninstall the previous version of the product.
standard deviation for HTTP pages: used by tpagel.dita, rperform.dita (3 times, rpercnt, rtrans.dita)
System A might have response times of 11, 12, 13, and 12 ms.
System A might have elapsed times of 11, 12, 13, and 12 ms.
You can specify a range from no delays to twice the recorded length.
To fix this problem, reduce playback speed until the test runs correctly again.
You can enable response time breakdown collection at the parent or page level.
Include sites that are contained in, or overlap with, an existing substitution site.
For example, you can choose to automatically transform binary data to ASCII format.
Enter the longest delay, in milliseconds, that the generator allows between page requests.
By default, the Referer field in an HTTP request header is correlated automatically.
The downside of this setting is that it can result in incorrect correlations.
The most common example of losing changes occurs in the Page Percentile report.
Indicates whether a test value contains special characters such as spaces or commas.
Indicates the additional delay, in milliseconds, to wait before this request is issued.
This action models the behavior of a user closing and reopening a browser.
This option prevents virtual users from selecting duplicate values (for example, account IDs).
For example, assume a selector contains six blocks set to the following weight:
Use this page to select the default report that opens during a run.
Use this page to export the test log to a flat text file.
The test plan can be configured to meet the needs of your organization.
Manage project requirements and test cases and establish the interdependencies between the two
This can also be used to measure test progress and to analyze trends.
Export of execution event console output to a CSV, XML, or text file.
If you are stress testing a server, your test typically contains a loop.
Increase the statistics sample interval to 30 or 60 seconds for long-running tests.
If test generation is taking a relatively long time, try shorter recording scenarios.
You can then edit the tests by adding dynamic data and verification points.
The agents are installed on computers to generate the load on the application.
Rule file refer to a rule that is unknown on this product installation.
Reference: Customize how data is correlated in performance tests by using correlation rules
There was an unspecified error from the cloud manager when validating account preferences.
This graph provides an overall idea of the response times for each page.
The percentage of page title verification points that passed, if any were set.
This is the run duration, which is displayed in hours, minutes, and seconds.
With this information, you can evaluate system response during and after the test.
The bar chart shows the average response time of the 10 slowest pages.
If nslookup is also unable to resolve the name, contact your network administrator.
For authentication to playback correctly a challenge must be recorded during test creation.
The server did not return the response data before the timeout interval elapsed.
To open the Error Log, click Window &gt; Show View &gt; Error Log.
2. The Deploy Directory path must be valid for the Target Operating System.
A location template file referenced by a location file is missing or inaccessible.
The specified agent name is not resolving in the Domain Name System (DNS).
Upgrade the RPT Agent on the machine specified to match the workbench version.
Please adjust the number of Users to 1 in the schedule and rerun.
As a result, the capabilities that this license enables are not be available.
While waiting for an acknowledgement from the Driver, an unrecognized response was received.
Increase the statistics interval to 60 seconds and try running the schedule again.
Click Window &gt; Show View &gt; Error Log to open the error log.
Check that the expected events exist at the end of the test log.
To decode the data, Rational Peformance Tester requires access to the class definition.
Verify that the elements containing the GraniteDS encoded or decoded data are correct.
Display unavailable, no RPT HTML reports will be attached to RQM execution results.
Multiple test runs were detected when the stop request was received from RQM.
A request to stop the currently running test has been received by RQM.
Ensure RQM system has connectivity to the remote repository and the file exists.
Ensure RQM system has connectivity to the remote repository and the directory exists.
Performance requirements reported to RQM will be based on the default time range.
The adapter is attempting to connect to RQM using the default project area.
Values that typically are correlated include timestamps, dates, ids, and other alphanumeric strings.
The data correlation code was unable to use the regular expression expected value.
Failed to add users because the runner is not in a runnable state.
Passed statuses are shown in green and failed statuses are shown in red.
This graph provides an overall idea of the elapsed times for each transaction.
If the ping results fail use the IP address of the workbench instead.
On the agent machines, set the optional debug flag in the majordomo.config file.
Within about ten seconds it should automatically pick up the changes to majordomo.config.
Instead, the recorder controls from the other version of the product are displayed.
Examine the test log for error messages that the system under test generates.
When testing shared assets, the execution fails with a low level model error.
Select this check box to allow access to reports from a web browser.
Loops provide more sophisticated control than running a simple sequence of consecutive tests.
Then, at the schedule level, type the initial number of users to run.
Select the bytes to inspect, and then right-click to manipulate the selected data.
This page is available only when the binary editor is in read-only mode.
All characters that are invalid in the current encoding scheme will be discarded.
However, under certain conditions, you might want to change the problem determination level.
You can change the behavior of the recorder by changing the preference settings.
You can also create a report that compares the results of different runs.
Open the network interface that you want to associate the IP aliases with.
You can also use a batch file to add and delete the aliases.
The following example attaches the IP address 9.37.207.29 to the eth0 network interface:
The alias must be defined on the same subnet as the network interface.
Typically, you supply a configuration name that is similar to the schedule name.
The following command line creates a certificate signed with the CA private key.
The following command line creates a certificate which is valid for 365 days.
Repeat this step to create as many digital certificates as needed for testing.
The name of the CA certificate file to use to sign another certificate.
Use KeyTool to create and add as many digital certificates as you want.
You now have a digital certificate store that you can use with tests.
The page contains a table of performance requirements that apply to the schedule.
A standard requirement can cause a test to have a verdict of fail.
The elements must be of the same type, for example, all page elements.
To create a test, you record representative interactions   with an application.
By creating a schedule, you can accurately emulate the actions of individual users.
By setting stages, you can model workloads that reflect real-world usage over time.
The second color is assigned to the second graphic element, and so on.
You can change the Kerberos realm, user name, and password when editing tests.
In the Test Navigator, browse to the test, and double-click the test name.
The list of locations shows whether IP aliasing is enabled at that location.
Select the check box next to the interfaces that you want to use.
After the run too, you can regenerate the results for viewing and analysis.
The tests, which are children of the loop, are controlled by the loop.
The second stage has a 4-minute change rate and a 4-minute settle time:
To apply the change to all instances of that report, save the report.
Select to force the graphic to use the entire width of the view.
Select to change the multiplier value for the X axis (line charts only).
This is useful when viewing results during a test run (line charts only).
The data on this page depends on the graphic type that you selected.
To configure Internet Explorer to use Simple and Protected GSS-API Negotiation Mechanism (SPNEGO):
Type the URL for the hostname for which you want to enable SSO.
To configure Mozilla Firefox to use Simple and Protected GSS-API Negotiation Mechanism (SPNEGO):
Open the Performance Test Runs view, which shows the details of the run.
Ensure that the first dialog box contains the projects at the first level.
By default, the test log editor uses Bugzilla as the defect tracking site.
In the Schedule Element Details area, add the number of iterations to loop.
The weight determines the statistical probability that a specific element will be selected.
Select this option if you are interested only in the number of users.
Schedule actions report the number of active and completed users in the run.
Secondary test actions include all primary test actions plus HTTP page elementrelated actions.
Configuration messages, which include hardware specifications or system profiles, require no corrective action.
Depending on the setting that you select, the logs can become quite large.
For SAP tests, SAP screen information, such as SAP screen title verification points.
For SAP tests, SAP element information (primarily Set Property or Call Method actions).
The timeout period begins when the first virtual user reaches the synchronization point.
Aggregate results are recalculated to reflect only data from the selected time range.
The binary data in the request is transformed using the specified transformation adapter.
For example, text in languages that use a double-byte character set becomes unreadable.
You can create your own data transformations to transform binary data in tests.
You can then email the report or post it on a web server.
To further analyze the data, paste the exported report into a spreadsheet program.
Expand the tree, if necessary, to display the type of report to export.
In the Test Navigator, double-click the run whose counters you want to export.
Clear the check box to apply the change only to the current stage.
In a dedicated hypervisor, the hardware is not shared with other operating systems.
To apply load for the dummy user group, specify the number of users.
The CLOUD_ROLE property is available in the cloud location assets in the project.
Some of the charging aspects for a cloud schedule run are mentioned here:
An optional promotional code can be used in conjunction with an order number.
You can customize the color of reports with or without using an expression.
If you do not select the check box, the report is not generated.
For example, you might enter custom start and stop times for these reasons:
A protocol license key is required to use protocol extensions other than HTTP.
A system under test might react to a sudden change in user population.
If you select this option, you must view logs to see error messages.
For HTTP tests, this option reports page-related actions (attempts, hits, and verification points).
For HTTP tests, this option reports information that is related to page elements.